Why Should I paint my windows?Our window signs are used for various reasons. Mostly they are used to make the public aware. Such as: sales or special promotions, location, ambiance, informational. Some of our clients like to have their windows always painted to use as a locator. If they are in a large center where each space looks the same. They just tell their clients, look for the bunny (or cupid or Santa etc). It makes them stand out from the others. A business could be very small and in the corner of a center. We have very often heard from our clients, "We didn't realize how invisible we had been until we painted our windows!" If you are a small out of the way business, your new customers will tell you, "Gee, I didn't realize you were here!"I don't like the fluorescent look. What else can you do?We do Custom signs. If you don't like fluorescent colors we can mix custom non-fluorescent colors. Tell us what you want to accomplish and we will convey that on your windows. Scenic windows (beach, coast or mountain scenes) are appealing as well as an attention getter. Cartoons can convey your message while putting a smile on your customer's face. What a way to start a transaction: With a smiling customer!What will it cost?Pricing is based on a number of factors. Primarily, we charge by the linear foot and amount of copy. Our base charge includes: footage of glass covered and eight words of copy. Extras include: painting higher than 7 ft. off the ground, word count over eight (8), type of paint, cartooning, product illustrations, excess masking and clear coating.How long does it take to complete the job?Actual job time will depend on the size of the area covered and the content of your ads. Normally, the least amount of time is three (3) hours. Cartooning and product illustrations will require more time. Because the success of the technique depends upon layering the paint, dry time can be a factor. Each layer needs to dry before going on to the next. On a large area, dry time usually isn't a factor. On a small area, it can be. We don't charge by the hour but by the job so time spent on the job will not impact the price.How does scheduling work?A 2-3 day lead time is sufficient (except during Christmas season). If you know weeks ahead of time, however, it is best to call and set a tentative date. When we know your job specs and how long it will take we can solidify that date. All dates are tentative and considered not confirmed until we know how large your job will be. Weather being an unknown factor at times, rain delays are a certainty during rainy season. Our Christmas scheduling is usually done months in advance and priority is given to our existing customers.How long will the colors last?In order to answer this question, we need to ask a few of our own. Does the window get direct sunlight or do you have an awning or overhang? Will the sprinklers hit any of the design? Does your regular window washer know NOT to wash over the design or get it wet? Even with a clear coat, the design needs to stay dry and any scraping can affect the integrity of the paint.What about local sign laws?We work all over southern California. As we all know, So Cal is made up of lots of little cities practically overlapping each other. We could not begin to keep on up with each city's constantly changing laws. As a local business, you would be more knowledgeable in this area and we leave it up to you to know the codes. If you are not aware of them, you can contact the Code Enforcement office in your area and ask them for the laws on coverage and permits. We assume no responsibility in this area. If you need a permit, don't get it and have to remove our sign even one day after we painted it your invoice is still due and payable!What does the law require?Each city is different. Generally, the city is concerned about the size of the sign and length of time on your window. There is usually a percentage of window coverage allowed. It can be anywhere from 25% to 60%. Sometimes there is no code. We suggest you ask other businesses in your area what they have done.Is my window painting guaranteed against damage?We use a water based acrylic paint, which is not rain proof. We can apply a clear protective, overcoat but again this is not rain proof and we offer no guarantee on either. We do offer rain proof paint and guarantee it. There are no guarantees against damages by any other causes (tagging, over enthusiastic window washers, sprinkler systems, etc.).Do you clean the paint off?NO! We stay busy just painting them. We can offer you instructions on how to do it yourself or can possibly refer you to a professional window cleaner in your area.I have no idea what I need. Can you help me?We have a full color portfolio of past work, to help you see what the possibilities are. The saying goes "A picture is worth a 1000 words." A product illustration of the latest, state of the art product you carry, says a lot. Do you sell more than one product? What services do you offer? The word FREE is a real attention grabber. Numbers catch a lot of attention also. 0 down, $100 off, 0.9% financing, $300 rebates. Just give us a place to start.